Expense Tracker
    A website that enable user to track their expense, income and help them to achieve the finacial goal

Features

Feature 1 (Setting Automate Income)
    1. User should be able to set their monthly income, the soruce of it and recived date 
    2 Soruce of Income 
        1. Salary 
        2. Freelance 
        3. Pocket Money
    3. Everymonth when reach to the recieved date, automatically add to the amount to the user balance
    4. User should be able to add 0 or more monhly income

Algorithm for Feature 1 
    1. When click add more button, Create another input form (amount, source, day)
    2. When click continue button 
        1. Check all of user input (amount, source, day)
        2. Check all input is valid or not 
        3. In each form div, if there is empty or invalid input warn the user 
            1. If user click continue after warning, stores only valid input in local storage

Feature 2 (Setting Automate Expense)
    1. User should be able to set their monthly expense, the source of it and paid date 
    2. Soruce of Expense 
        1. Rent 
        2. Food 
        3. Electric Bill 
        4. Phone Bill 
        5. Water Bill 
        6. Eudcation Bill 
    3. Everymonth when reach to the recieved date, automatically remove the amount from the user balance
    4. User should be able to add 0 or more montly expense 

Feature 3 (Adding Income)
    1. User should be able to add their income and the source of it 
    2. Souce of Income 
        1. Salary 
        2. Freelance 
        3. Pocket Money 
        4. Bonus 
        5. Overtime 
    3. Add that amount to user income 
    4. User should be able to add more than 1 income or zero

Feature 4 (Adding Expense)
    1. User should be able to add their expense and the source of it 
    2. Souce of Expense 
        1. Food
        2. Clothes
        3. Entertainment
        4. Travel 
        5. Gift
        6. Grocery
        7. Maintaince
        8. Scanned
        9. Unregular Condition
        10. Alcohal
        11. Smoke
    3. Remove that amount from user income 
    4. User should be able to add more than 1 expense or zero

Feature 5 (Showing User montly finacial stats)
    1. User should be able to see remaining balance, total income, total expense of current month 
    2. User should be able to see transitions of the current month (amount, soruce, date)

Algorithm for Feature 5 
    1. After dom content finished loading
    2. Get monthlyTransitions from local storage 
    3. if doesn't exists all balance,income and expense should be 0 and no transitions 
    4. else 
        1. calculate remain balance, income, expense
        2. Show transitions for today

Feature 6 (Showing finacial stats more organized)
    1. User should be able to see expense transiiton and income transiiton in more organized way 

Feature 7 (Showing Summary)
    1. User should be able to see total income, expense and remaining balance of each month he been using the web 
    2. User should be able to see transiiton of each month also 

Feature 8 (Profile)
    1. User should be able to see their setting (monthy income amount, souce , recieved date also same for expense) and change it
        
